hello people just gonna show you a easy
method to get the chaos storm I
apologize to other people was actually
two that had a video out there that
showed the UH method where you drop down
from a way above I think it's not that
side of the map now I was just raging
cuz my friend followed that method one
of the many people who actually don't
read the description and he ended up
dead because of it 16 times just like
trying those stupid methods go all the
way around and stuff and wasting a fair
stone on the UH a little pool of water
and great
ah
he's probably over here
Oh No
dark spirits so annoying ah well he
killed those guys for me so I waste my
time on them
now that's just me being cautious but
that actually isn't really necessary so
after you do all that just drop down
right here and as you can see just fine
here's a couple of days if you want to
be extra sure click whatever you need
keep it in on this and see your fine can
easily go over there and back whenever
you want and not even a pay attention to
my build and I finally got myself a
great bow nice